reinforcement_learning/README.md, before:

## Reinforcement Learning

| Paper                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Notes                                                         | Author                                        | Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [Curriculum learning for Reinforcement Learning Domains](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.04960)                                                                                                      | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/Sy0IVj8Ju)            | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/)        | This is a survey paper on curriculum learning methods in reinforcement learning.                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Policy Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/1713-policy-gradient-methods-for-reinforcement-learning-with-function-approximation.pdf) (NIPS 1999) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@Raj-Ghugare/BJGFOdmCL)            | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | This paper provides the first policy gradient algorithm based on neural networks.                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Reinforcement Learning via Fenchel Rockafellar Duality](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.01866)                                                                                                                         | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/rkZ5s2Y1P) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | This  paper reviews the basic concepts of fenchel duality, f-divergences and shows how can these set of tools can be applied tin the context of reinforcement learning to derive theoritcally as well as practically robust algorithms. |
| [High-Dimensional Continuous Control Using Generalized Advantage Estimation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.02438)                                                                                                     | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/3azkwbmgRLSrqyvUHf5SqQ?view)       | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | This paper gives an algorithm with an advantage estimator and TRPO technique to empirically guarantee monotonic policy improvement.                                                                                                     |
| [Off-Policy Actor-Critic](https://arxiv.org/abs/1205.4839) (ICML '12)                                                                                                                                              | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/BkcB-xwvI) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | This paper presents the first off-policy version of the actor-critic algorithms and derives a simple and elegant algorithm which performs better than the existing algorithms on standard reinforcement-learning benchmark problems.    |
| [Combining Physical Simulators and Object-Based Networks for Control](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.06580.pdf) (ICRA '19)                                                                                             | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/Sy6GPG9MB) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | In this paper the authors proposed a hybrid dynamics model, Simulation-Augemented Interaction Networks, where they incorporated Interaction Networks into a physics engine for solving real world complex robotics control tasks.       |
| [Learning Agile and Dynamic Motor Skills for Legged Robots](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.08652)                                                                                                                      | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/ByzYzEhVS) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | This paper tackles the sim2real transfer problem for legged robots.                                                                                                                                                                     |
| [PAC-Bounds-for-Multi-armed-Bandit](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/3-540-45435-7_18) (CoLT '02)                                                                                                         | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/saK7DdqCRnyBfN3HykLhlA)            | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | This paper provides a technique to guarantee PAC bounds based on the rewards distirbution of the particular problem achieving better sample complexity.                                                                                 |

Commit message:

Added STAC and RNN DS (#76)
* Added STAC and RNN DS

* adding AAAI '21 paper notes and some minor updates

Added venues for earlier arxiv paper notes

Co-authored-by: Akshay Kulkarni <akshayk.vnit@gmail.com>

reinforcement_learning/README.md, after:

## Reinforcement Learning

| Paper                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Notes                                                         | Author                                        | Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [Stackelberg Actor-critic: A game theoretic perspective](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/rJFUQA1QO)                                                                                                      | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/rJFUQA1QO)            | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/)        | This paper formulates the interaction between the actor and critic ans a stackelberg games and leverages the implicit function theorem to calculate the accurate gradient updates for actor and critic.                                                                                                                                                        |
| [Curriculum learning for Reinforcement Learning Domains](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.04960)                                                                                                      | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/Sy0IVj8Ju)            | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/)        | This is a survey paper on curriculum learning methods in reinforcement learning.                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Policy Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/1713-policy-gradient-methods-for-reinforcement-learning-with-function-approximation.pdf) (NIPS 1999) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@Raj-Ghugare/BJGFOdmCL)            | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | This paper provides the first policy gradient algorithm based on neural networks.                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Reinforcement Learning via Fenchel Rockafellar Duality](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.01866)                                                                                                                         | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/rkZ5s2Y1P) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | This  paper reviews the basic concepts of fenchel duality, f-divergences and shows how can these set of tools can be applied tin the context of reinforcement learning to derive theoritcally as well as practically robust algorithms. |
| [High-Dimensional Continuous Control Using Generalized Advantage Estimation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.02438)                                                                                                     | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/3azkwbmgRLSrqyvUHf5SqQ?view)       | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | This paper gives an algorithm with an advantage estimator and TRPO technique to empirically guarantee monotonic policy improvement.                                                                                                     |
| [Off-Policy Actor-Critic](https://arxiv.org/abs/1205.4839) (ICML '12)                                                                                                                                              | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/BkcB-xwvI) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | This paper presents the first off-policy version of the actor-critic algorithms and derives a simple and elegant algorithm which performs better than the existing algorithms on standard reinforcement-learning benchmark problems.    |
| [Combining Physical Simulators and Object-Based Networks for Control](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.06580.pdf) (ICRA '19)                                                                                             | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/Sy6GPG9MB) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | In this paper the authors proposed a hybrid dynamics model, Simulation-Augemented Interaction Networks, where they incorporated Interaction Networks into a physics engine for solving real world complex robotics control tasks.       |
| [Learning Agile and Dynamic Motor Skills for Legged Robots](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.08652)                                                                                                                      | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/ByzYzEhVS) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | This paper tackles the sim2real transfer problem for legged robots.                                                                                                                                                                     |
| [PAC-Bounds-for-Multi-armed-Bandit](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/3-540-45435-7_18) (CoLT '02)                                                                                                         | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/saK7DdqCRnyBfN3HykLhlA)            | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | This paper provides a technique to guarantee PAC bounds based on the rewards distirbution of the particular problem achieving better sample complexity.                                                                                 |
