README.md, before:

# Research Paper Notes
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_message=offline&up_message=online&url=https%3A%2F%2Fivlabs.github.io%2FResearchPaperNotes%2F)](https://ivlabs.github.io/ResearchPaperNotes/) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IvLabs/ResearchPaperNotes?style=social)](https://github.com/IvLabs/ResearchPaperNotes/stargazers)

Initiative to read research papers at [IvLabs](http://www.ivlabs.in/). For interactive reading experience do visit this repo's [GitHub Page](https://ivlabs.github.io/ResearchPaperNotes/). If you like the repo, please star. This motivates us to update the repo frequently.

**Some tips for doing literature study can be found [here](literature_study_tips)**

## List of Topics
To read research paper notes made by IvLabs members, please click on the following topic links.
* [Deep Learning](deep_learning)
* [Dynamics and Controls](dynamics_controls)
* [Localization](localization)
* [Math Concepts](math)
* [Natural Language Processing](natural_language_processing)
* [Reinforcement Learning](reinforcement_learning)

## Rules of appending papers:

*Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) before adding any reasearch paper notes*
- You should thoroughly read the research paper and make proper notes using [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/) or annotate the PDF of the research paper and upload it to the Google Drive.
- **New paper notes should be appended on the top of the table.**
- The notes must mention those members who were part of reading group.
- If notes and paper reading are completed, then update the details in the appropriate table below.
- You can then create a pull request to merge the changes. For help on creating pull requests, [refer to this page](https://github.com/IvLabs/resources/tree/master/software).
- If anyone feels that there are changes required in HackMD or PDF notes, please add comments in the notes itself 
  * [How to add comments for HackMD Notes](https://hackmd.io/s/how-to-use-comments) 
  * [How to add comments to Google Drive PDFs](https://gsuiteupdates.googleblog.com/2018/02/comment-on-files-in-drive-preview-mode.html)
- These comments will be reviewed and proper actions will be taken by the authors.

Commit message:

Added instructions to add papers on top of table

README.md, after:

# Research Paper Notes
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_message=offline&up_message=online&url=https%3A%2F%2Fivlabs.github.io%2FResearchPaperNotes%2F)](https://ivlabs.github.io/ResearchPaperNotes/) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/IvLabs/ResearchPaperNotes?style=social)](https://github.com/IvLabs/ResearchPaperNotes/stargazers)

Initiative to read research papers at [IvLabs](http://www.ivlabs.in/). For interactive reading experience do visit this repo's [GitHub Page](https://ivlabs.github.io/ResearchPaperNotes/). If you like the repo, please star. This motivates us to update the repo frequently.

**Some tips for doing literature study can be found [here](literature_study_tips)**

## List of Topics
To read research paper notes made by IvLabs members, please click on the following topic links.
* [Deep Learning](deep_learning)
* [Dynamics and Controls](dynamics_controls)
* [Localization](localization)
* [Math Concepts](math)
* [Natural Language Processing](natural_language_processing)
* [Reinforcement Learning](reinforcement_learning)

## Rules of appending papers:

*Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) before adding any reasearch paper notes*
- You should thoroughly read the research paper and make proper notes using [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/) or annotate the PDF of the research paper and upload it to the Google Drive.
- **New paper notes should be appended on the top of the table.**
- **While Editing any Markdown table make sure to switch off word wrapping. In case you are using GithHub GUI, use the `No Wrap` setting found in top right corner of text editor.**
- The notes must mention those members who were part of reading group.
- If notes and paper reading are completed, then update the details in the appropriate table below.
- You can then create a pull request to merge the changes. For help on creating pull requests, [refer to this page](https://github.com/IvLabs/resources/tree/master/software).
- If anyone feels that there are changes required in HackMD or PDF notes, please add comments in the notes itself 
  * [How to add comments for HackMD Notes](https://hackmd.io/s/how-to-use-comments) 
  * [How to add comments to Google Drive PDFs](https://gsuiteupdates.googleblog.com/2018/02/comment-on-files-in-drive-preview-mode.html)
- These comments will be reviewed and proper actions will be taken by the authors.
