dynamics_controls/README.md, before:

# Dynamics and Controls

| Papers | Notes | Author | Summary |
|:------:|:-----:|:------:|:-------:|
| [Automatic Snake Gait Generation Using Model Predictive Control](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.11204) | [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sJN2Q16ls0ROZqS76qcz3wMYFTGayL6L/view?usp=sharing) | [Aditya Shirwatkar](https://github.com/aditya-shirwatkar) | This paper proposes a method for generating undulatory gaits for snake robots using a Model Predictive Control approach to automatically generate effective locomotion gaits via trajectory optimization. Furthermore, the proposed method can also produce more complex or irregular gaits, e.g. for obstacle avoidance or executing sharp turns |
| [Integral Sliding Mode Based Switched Structure Control Scheme for Robot Manipulators](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/327807849_Integral_Sliding_Mode_Based_Switched_Structure_Control_Scheme_for_Robot_Manipulators) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/INtsyouET5Sxv6K6pIUcoQ?view) | [Saad](https://github.com/saad2121) | This paper proposes the switching scheme between the inverse dynamics based centralized controller and a set of decentralized controllers. ISM is used as perturbation estimator and to provide robustness in front of a wide class of uncertainties |
| [Real-Time Obstacle Avoidance for Manipulators and Mobile Robots](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-1-4613-8997-2_29) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/m_dwVyo9TnKIZQa5V7QGRQ?view) | [Saad](https://github.com/saad2121) | This paper proposes the unique real-time obstacle avoidance approach for manipulators and mobile robots using Artifical Potential Field approach |
| [Customizable Three-Dimensional Printed Origami Soft Robotic Joint With Effective Behavior Shaping for Safe Interactions](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8481372/keywords#keywords) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@kZ5m8OgNSouLVUfdO4Vu3w/SJtDCMGtU) | [Uddesh](https://github.com/uddeshtople) | A combination of passive stiffness presetting and active PID cascade control was implemented for a pneumatic soft origami rotary actuators (SoRAs) |
| [Hybrid neural network fraction integral terminal sliding mode control of an Inchworm robot manipulator](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0888327016300449) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@kZ5m8OgNSouLVUfdO4Vu3w/B1Zd2z_58) | [Uddesh](https://github.com/uddeshtople) | This paper proposes adaptive neural network method to estimate unknown disturbances. Chattering phenomena was reduced by using a neural network |

Commit message:

Added a Research Paper (#58)
* Added a [Research Paper](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/322887667_Gait_and_Trajectory_Optimization_for_Legged_Systems_Through_Phase-Based_End-Effector_Parameterization) in dynamics_controls section

dynamics_controls/README.md, after:

# Dynamics and Controls

| Papers | Notes | Author | Summary |
|:------:|:-----:|:------:|:-------:|
| [Gait and Trajectory Optimization for Legged Systems Through Phase-Based End-Effector Parameterization](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/322887667_Gait_and_Trajectory_Optimization_for_Legged_Systems_Through_Phase-Based_End-Effector_Parameterization) | [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UlShnRpJuN-L8Ucpn-yDmlN9Xsj4qDB1/view?usp=sharing) | [Aditya Shirwatkar](https://github.com/aditya-shirwatkar) | This paper presents a single trajectory optimization formulation for legged locomotion that automatically determines the gait sequence, step timings, footholds, swing-leg motions, and 6D body motion over nonflat terrain, without any additional modules or any handmade heuristics|
| [Automatic Snake Gait Generation Using Model Predictive Control](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.11204) | [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sJN2Q16ls0ROZqS76qcz3wMYFTGayL6L/view?usp=sharing) | [Aditya Shirwatkar](https://github.com/aditya-shirwatkar) | This paper proposes a method for generating undulatory gaits for snake robots using a Model Predictive Control approach to automatically generate effective locomotion gaits via trajectory optimization. Furthermore, the proposed method can also produce more complex or irregular gaits, e.g. for obstacle avoidance or executing sharp turns |
| [Integral Sliding Mode Based Switched Structure Control Scheme for Robot Manipulators](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/327807849_Integral_Sliding_Mode_Based_Switched_Structure_Control_Scheme_for_Robot_Manipulators) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/INtsyouET5Sxv6K6pIUcoQ?view) | [Saad](https://github.com/saad2121) | This paper proposes the switching scheme between the inverse dynamics based centralized controller and a set of decentralized controllers. ISM is used as perturbation estimator and to provide robustness in front of a wide class of uncertainties |
| [Real-Time Obstacle Avoidance for Manipulators and Mobile Robots](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-1-4613-8997-2_29) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/m_dwVyo9TnKIZQa5V7QGRQ?view) | [Saad](https://github.com/saad2121) | This paper proposes the unique real-time obstacle avoidance approach for manipulators and mobile robots using Artifical Potential Field approach |
| [Customizable Three-Dimensional Printed Origami Soft Robotic Joint With Effective Behavior Shaping for Safe Interactions](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8481372/keywords#keywords) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@kZ5m8OgNSouLVUfdO4Vu3w/SJtDCMGtU) | [Uddesh](https://github.com/uddeshtople) | A combination of passive stiffness presetting and active PID cascade control was implemented for a pneumatic soft origami rotary actuators (SoRAs) |
| [Hybrid neural network fraction integral terminal sliding mode control of an Inchworm robot manipulator](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0888327016300449) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@kZ5m8OgNSouLVUfdO4Vu3w/B1Zd2z_58) | [Uddesh](https://github.com/uddeshtople) | This paper proposes adaptive neural network method to estimate unknown disturbances. Chattering phenomena was reduced by using a neural network |
