math/README.md, before:

## Math Concepts

| Paper                                        | Notes                                                              | Author                                        | Summary                                                                                                                                                                  |
|:--------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Policy Gradient Theorem                      | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@Raj-Ghugare/rygKPUD08)                 | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | Derivation and explanation for the policy gradient theorem in Reinforcement Learning                                                                                     |
| Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces            | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/rkTjKdRMS)      | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | These notes review some of the fundamental concepts of linear algebra like vector spaces, inner product spaces, etc., and then introduces the basic concepts of RKHS.    |
| Guaranteed computation of robot trajectories | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@kZ5m8OgNSouLVUfdO4Vu3w/r1CrveDuI/edit) | [Uddesh](https://github.com/uddeshtople)      | A contractor-based approach is proposed for guaranteed integration of state equations. The framework is based on the use of tubes as envelopes of feasible trajectories. |

Commit message:

Devel (#73)
* added notes

* add paper notes on NCNet (#64)

* added NCNet

* adding UDA segmentation paper

* added line spacing and changed notes location

* added patch2pix

* reframed patch2pix description

Co-authored-by: Raj Ghugare <rajghugare.vnit@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Akshay Kulkarni <akshayk.vnit@gmail.com>

* added medical image analysis

* Removing the hall of fame for now

* Update README.md

* Added dropdown list with link to subsections

* Update README.md

* added RIMs, convexity and dynamical systems notes

* fixing links for the slide-down bullets

* Added alternate source (#71)

Added alternate resource for literature study tips

* fixinf broken link for causality

Co-authored-by: sharath <sharathchandra.raparthy@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Arihant Gaur <45517467+FlagArihant2000@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Akshay Kulkarni <akshayk.vnit@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: FlagArihant2000 <arihant.gaur@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: sibam23 <64795061+sibam23@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Akshansh Malviya <61921847+ZeoDarkflame@users.noreply.github.com>

math/README.md, after:

## Math Concepts

| Paper                                        | Notes                                                              | Author                                        | Summary                                                                                                                                                                  |
|:--------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Convexity and Convergence in Gradient Descent | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/ByIMT8Zg_) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/)         | In this, we talk about strong and smooth convex functions and their convergence rates in case of gradient descent                                                      |
| Notes on Stability of Dynamical Systems | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/rkq_V2Cyd) | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/)         | In this notes, we discuss discrete and continuous dynamical systems and their stability properties                                                      |
| Policy Gradient Theorem                      | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@Raj-Ghugare/rygKPUD08)                 | [Raj](https://github.com/RajGhugare19)        | Derivation and explanation for the policy gradient theorem in Reinforcement Learning                                                                                     |
| Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces            | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@FtbpSED3RQWclbmbmkChEA/rkTjKdRMS)      | [Sharath](https://sharathraparthy.github.io/) | These notes review some of the fundamental concepts of linear algebra like vector spaces, inner product spaces, etc., and then introduces the basic concepts of RKHS.    |
| Guaranteed computation of robot trajectories | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@kZ5m8OgNSouLVUfdO4Vu3w/r1CrveDuI/edit) | [Uddesh](https://github.com/uddeshtople)      | A contractor-based approach is proposed for guaranteed integration of state equations. The framework is based on the use of tubes as envelopes of feasible trajectories. |
