deep_learning/README.md, before:

## Deep Learning

### Semantic Segmentation

| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Gated-SCNN: Gated Shape CNNs for Semantic Segmentation](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2019/html/Takikawa_Gated-SCNN_Gated_Shape_CNNs_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.html) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/tXDEyCEcTmqgaR75Gno0Mw) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 30/11/2019 | 05/12/2019 |
| [ENet: A Deep Neural Network Architecture for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.02147) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/5jM_pajoSnS6LoZkdech8A) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 09/12/2019 | 20/12/2019 |
| [W-Net: A Deep Model for Fully Unsupervised Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.08506) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/mNcCcyMFRuGLQg97qfTJaQ) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 20/12/2019 | 04/01/2020 |
| [Understanding Deep Learning Techniques for Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.06119) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/RcL7gzVTTLCfJa1LGJGmZg) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 31/10/2019 | 08/12/2019 |
| [Recent progress in semantic image segmentation](https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1809/1809.10198.pdf) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/UpB9AC5CT0yTUmxGIsIArw) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 28/10/2019 | 07/12/2019 |

### Active Learning

| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Variational Adversarial Active Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.00370) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/CxZNGh6dS3m2axmP50iN8g) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 12/04/2020 | 16/04/2020 |

### Domain Adaptation
| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Domain Adaptation for Structured Output via Discriminative Patch Representations](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.05427) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/Nh2sTmn1RpSeytghA6E2JQ) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 19/04/2020 | 21/04/2020 |

### Knowledge Distillation
| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Data-Free Learning of Student Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.01186) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/LMTITxOtSlmrLi877J3Ntg) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 19/04/2020 | 01/05/2020 |
| [Active Mixup for Data-Efficient Knowledge Distillation from a Blackbox Model](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.13960) (CVPR '20) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/nwM8AKmtStGStXbRWVQnrg) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 05/05/2020 | 21/05/2020 |

Commit message:

added attention KD paper notes

deep_learning/README.md, after:

## Deep Learning

### Semantic Segmentation

| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Gated-SCNN: Gated Shape CNNs for Semantic Segmentation](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2019/html/Takikawa_Gated-SCNN_Gated_Shape_CNNs_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.html) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/tXDEyCEcTmqgaR75Gno0Mw) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 30/11/2019 | 05/12/2019 |
| [ENet: A Deep Neural Network Architecture for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.02147) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/5jM_pajoSnS6LoZkdech8A) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 09/12/2019 | 20/12/2019 |
| [W-Net: A Deep Model for Fully Unsupervised Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.08506) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/mNcCcyMFRuGLQg97qfTJaQ) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 20/12/2019 | 04/01/2020 |
| [Understanding Deep Learning Techniques for Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.06119) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/RcL7gzVTTLCfJa1LGJGmZg) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 31/10/2019 | 08/12/2019 |
| [Recent progress in semantic image segmentation](https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1809/1809.10198.pdf) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/UpB9AC5CT0yTUmxGIsIArw) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 28/10/2019 | 07/12/2019 |

### Active Learning

| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Variational Adversarial Active Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.00370) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/CxZNGh6dS3m2axmP50iN8g) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 12/04/2020 | 16/04/2020 |

### Domain Adaptation
| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Domain Adaptation for Structured Output via Discriminative Patch Representations](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.05427) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/Nh2sTmn1RpSeytghA6E2JQ) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 19/04/2020 | 21/04/2020 |

### Knowledge Distillation
| Paper| Notes | Author | Start Date | End Date |
|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:----------:|:--------:|
| [Paying More Attention to Attention: Improving the Performance of Convolutional Neural Networks via Attention Transfer](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.03928) (ICLR '17) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@akshayk07/BkzGciz38) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 01/06/20 | 03/06/20 |
| [Active Mixup for Data-Efficient Knowledge Distillation from a Blackbox Model](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.13960) (CVPR '20) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/nwM8AKmtStGStXbRWVQnrg) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 05/05/2020 | 21/05/2020 |
| [Data-Free Learning of Student Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.01186) (ICCV '19) | [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/LMTITxOtSlmrLi877J3Ntg) | [Akshay](https://akshayk07.weebly.com/) | 19/04/2020 | 01/05/2020 |
